FAQ’s:
Why can’t I create a card?

In order to be able to create and send cards, you must become a registered user. Simply create an account
here at http://greetings.cs.nmsu.edu:3000/#/signup

What should I do if I can’t get my email verified?

If you have tried multiple times to verify your email without success, simply log on to
the email you signed up with, and send an email to the Cool Beans Cards team regarding your verification.
Simply say “Hello, I am [your name] and I would like to use Cool Beans Cards.” When one of our team members sees your proof email they will verify you manually. Send emails to greetings@cs.nmsu.edu.
Does my friend have to have an account to see the card I made for them?
No. See below:

When I send a card to a friend, what happens?

When you send a card to someone, they will receive an email with your email address listed as the sender.
The email will contain the email body that you created in our card editor, and a link to the card you made.
They will be able to see the card you created when they click on a link, regardless of whether or not they have a registered account.
If I send a friend a card, then change my mind and delete it, can they still see it?
No. After you’ve deleted a card neither you nor your friend can access it. However, the Cool Beans Cards
team will still have a record of the card contents.

What do I do if I have been banned?

If you have been banned or are having trouble logging in, please send an email to greetings@cs.nmsu.edu with any
inquiries. Our team will get back to negotiate lifting the ban or to help you re-access your account.
What do I do if I cannot log in and don’t know why?
See “What do I do if I have been banned.”

What happens if I forgot my password?

If you forgot your password you can go to the login page at http://greetings.cs.nmsu.edu:3000/#/login and
 click “forgot password.” From there we will generate a new password and send it to you so that you may log
 in temporarily using the random password. Also see “How do I change my password?”

How do I change my password?

To change your password, go to the account settings page by clicking your name in the top right corner
of the page once you have logged in, and you can change it there.
